# Backend structure explication
>>>

## Module definition
Each application has at least one module, a root module. In our case it will be the `app` located in `src/api/server.ts`.
A module is a collection of related components, such as controllers, models, and views, that work together to provide a specific functionality or feature.
In our case, the current express backend reproduce the behavior of a Model-View-Controller (MVC).

## Controller definition
A controller is a component of a Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework that handles user interactions and incoming requests,
retrieves data from models, and sends data to views to be rendered as a response.
In our case, the controller will be implement in the `app` module and will act as a module by itself.

## Service definition
A service is a component of MVC that provides a specific functionality or feature to other components in the application.
This is what we call `business logic`.

## Repository definition
A repository is a component of MVC that provides an interface of multiple methods for accessing data from a database.

## Middleware definition
A middleware is software that acts as an intermediary between different systems or software components. 
It can be used to handle incoming requests, perform preliminary operations on those requests, and route them to the appropriate components of the framework for further processing. Middleware can also be used to perform post-processing operations on responses generated by the framework before sending them back to the client. In general, middleware in an MVC framework is used to add additional functionality to the framework, such as session management, access control, or error handling.

## DTO definition
Data Transfer Object (DTO) is an object that carries data between layers or components of an application.
Coupled with a validator library, they're used to validate or reject the data received before processing the request.

## Events definition
An emitter is a software component that is used to send events or messages to other components within a system. 
In our case, an emitter might be used to send notifications to other parts of the system when certain events are needed, such as :
Write data to a sub-party software hosted online that needs a request API, like an `email service` for example.

>>>

# Backend structure visual : MODULE

```bash
├── moduleName
│   ├── dto
│   │   ├── moduleName.dto.ts
│   ├── events
│   │   ├── moduleName.events.ts
│   ├── interfaces
│   │   ├── moduleName.interface.ts
│   ├── moduleName.controller.ts
│   ├── moduleName.repository.ts # optional, if specific
│   └── moduleName.service.ts
│   
├── moduleName2
│   └── ... repeat
└── ... repeat
```